{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab543
\pard\tx543\pardeftab543\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \CocoaLigature0 PathOfLowestCost\
\
Created by Sheila Wallace\
Copyright \'a9 2016 Apps Incorporated. All rights reserved.\
\
This project implements a Path of Lowest Cost calculator, which computes the lowest cost path through a matrix of integers. It is written in Swift 3.0 and was developed using Xcode 8.0.\
\
The app consists of a UIViewController that allows you to select one of three matrices for which to calculate the lowest cost path. The results are:\
\
  \'95 a boolean that specifies whether the matrix provides a path whose value is less than 50 (i.e., is the path passable)\
  \'95 the lowest cost found\
  \'95 the path through the matrix that provides the lowest cost.\
\
Unit tests are provided and can be run in Xcode using the Test Navigator.\
\
For details about the requirements of the project, please see the \'91Path of Lowest Cost.pdf\'92 file in the project folder.\
\
\
 Disclaimer: IMPORTANT:  This software is supplied to you by Apps \
 Incorporated (\'93Apps Inc.\'94) in consideration of your agreement to the following\
 terms, and your use, installation, modification or redistribution of\
 this software constitutes acceptance of these terms.  If you do\
 not agree with these terms, please do not use, install, modify or\
 redistribute this software.\
 \
 In consideration of your agreement to abide by the following terms, and\
 subject to these terms, Apps Inc. grants you a personal, non-exclusive\
 license, under Apps Inc.'s copyrights in this original Apps Inc. software (the\
 "Apps Inc. Software"), to use, reproduce, modify and redistribute the Apps Inc.\
 Software, with or without modifications, in source and/or binary forms;\
 provided that if you redistribute the Apps Inc. Software in its entirety and\
 without modifications, you must retain this notice and the following\
 text and disclaimers in all such redistributions of the Apps Inc. Software.\
 Neither the name, trademarks, service marks or logos of Apps Inc. may\
 be used to endorse or promote products derived from the Apps Inc. Software\
 without specific prior written permission from Apps Inc..  Except as\
 expressly stated in this notice, no other rights or licenses, express or\
 implied, are granted by Apps Inc. herein, including but not limited to any\
 patent rights that may be infringed by your derivative works or by other\
 works in which the Apps Inc. Software may be incorporated.\
 \
 The Apps Inc. Software is provided by Apps Inc. on an "AS IS" basis.  APPS INC.\
 MAKES NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION\
 THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS\
 FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, REGARDING THE APPS INC. SOFTWARE OR ITS USE AND\
 OPERATION ALONE OR IN COMBINATION WITH YOUR PRODUCTS.\
 \
 IN NO EVENT SHALL APPS INC. BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL\
 OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF\
 SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS\
 INTERRUPTION) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE, REPRODUCTION,\
 MODIFICATION AND/OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE APPS INC. SOFTWARE, HOWEVER CAUSED\
 AND WHETHER UNDER THEORY OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE),\
 STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF APPS INC. HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE\
 POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\
}